[All Hosts] (webviews) emphasize webview terms instead of brower terms (#4018)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/ie-11-testing.md

---
title: Trident testing
description: Test your Office Add-in on the Trident webview associated with Internet Explorer 11.
ms.date: 05/20/2023
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Test your Office Add-in on Trident

> If you plan to support older versions of Windows and Office, your add-in must work in the embeddable browser control called "Trident" that is provided by Internet Explorer 11. You can use a command line to switch from more modern webview used by add-ins to the Trident for this testing. For information about which versions of Windows and Office use the Internet Explorer 11 web view control, see [Browsers and webview controls used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md). In this article, "webview" refers to the combination of a webview control and a JavaScript engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to support older versions of Windows and Office, your add-in must work in the embeddable browser control called "Trident" that's provided by Internet Explorer 11. You can use a command line to switch from a more modern webview used by add-ins to Trident for this testing. For information about which versions of Windows and Office use the Internet Explorer 11 webview control, see [Browsers and webview controls used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md). In this article, "webview" refers to the combination of a webview control and a JavaScript engine.
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Webviews from Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge Legacy are still used in Office Add-ins**
>

> > Some combinations of platforms and Office versions, including volume-licensed perpetual versions through Office 2019, still use the webview controls that come with Internet Explorer 11 (called "Trident") and Microsoft Edge Legacy (called "EdgeHTML") to host add-ins, as explained in [Browsers and webview controls used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md). Internet Explorer 11 was disabled in Windows 10 and Windows 11 in February, 2023, and the UI for launching it was removed; but it is still installed on with those operating systems. So, Trident and other functionality from Internet Explorer can still be called programmatically by Office.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Some combinations of platforms and Office versions, including volume-licensed perpetual versions through Office 2019, still use the webview controls that come with Internet Explorer 11 (called "Trident") and Microsoft Edge Legacy (called "EdgeHTML") to host add-ins, as explained in [Browsers and webview controls used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md). Internet Explorer 11 was disabled in Windows 10 and Windows 11 in February 2023, and the UI for launching it was removed; but it's still installed on with those operating systems. So, Trident and other functionality from Internet Explorer can still be called programmatically by Office.
```

>
> We recommend (but don't require) that you support these combinations, at least in a minimal way, by providing users of your add-in a graceful failure message when your add-in is launched in these webviews. Keep these additional points in mind:
>
> - Office on the web no longer opens in Internet Explorer or Microsoft Edge Legacy. Consequently, [AppSource](/office/dev/store/submit-to-appsource-via-partner-center) doesn't test add-ins in Office on the web on these browsers.
> - AppSource still tests for combinations of platform and Office *desktop* versions that use Trident or EdgeHTML. However, it only issues a warning when the add-in doesn't support these webviews; the add-in isn't rejected by AppSource.
> - The [Script Lab tool](../overview/explore-with-script-lab.md) no longer supports Trident.

> If you plan to support older versions of Windows and Office, your add-in must work in the embeddable browser control called "Trident" that is provided by Internet Explorer 11. You can use a command line to switch from more modern webview used by add-ins to the Trident for this testing. For information about which versions of Windows and Office use the Internet Explorer 11 web view control, see [Browsers and webview controls used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to support older versions of Windows and Office, your add-in must work in the embeddable browser control called "Trident" that's provided by Internet Explorer 11. You can use a command line to switch from a more modern webview used by add-ins to Trident for this testing. For information about which versions of Windows and Office use the Internet Explorer 11 webview control, see [Browsers and webview controls used by Office Add-ins](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md).
```
